okay I want to review the razor a five
lux one is in blue and one is in red you
can see the differences here if you look
let's start from the bottom again these
are both the 85 luxe ones red ones blue
I'm assuming the Blues newer-model
we look at the just the baseboard you
can see the blue one has the grip all
the way down has a grip all the way down
the whole base were where the red is
just kind of like a oval one in the
middle all right they both have this
this rear brake both the tires are the
same the what the blue does have one
benefit is that it's got this little
kickstand so can stand by itself this is
quite a nifty feature and I do like it
however if you look at the handlebars
there's a big difference in size
all right the blue one comes with twelve
and a quarter inch handlebars while the
red one comes with 18 and a quarter
why did Razer do this I have no idea um
but I will tell you this the blue one
with these short handlebars it is a lot
more unstable alright whereas the red
ones because it's longer it is more
stable because I guess it's wider and
you have more control now I'm an adult
alright I'm in my 30s now do you ride
this to take it to the bus station and
back to my house it's a nice fun ride
even the winner and you can fold it up
take it on the bus without any problems
so
this is the razor a five Lux just to
give you guys a close-up all right
here's the blue one
now it does seem like maybe it's just a
color right now and it's not the same
thickness I do want to say say the build
quality is pretty good take a look
there's a little bit of wobbliness in
the front can you see it there we can
see that haven't had any problems with
it coming loose although I don't only
had this for a couple days so we'll see
otherwise it's pretty stable now the
weight limit is 220 and I am to about
265 and this thing handles me just fine
I haven't had any problems as I thought
right done maybe 510 miles on them and
definitely no flex very strong very
rigid excellent excellent excellent
bills and solution tires 200 millimeter
tires okay that little pin right there
you lift it up you lift it up and you
can mister what if you lift the pin up
right there this pin right there
you can lift it up and
it will fold it down
and here you have the latch
to help raise it show you so I put this
down this is a little button right there
put that push it down and you can raise
raise and lower the height if you have a
little kid that wants to ride this thing
it's possible to do you want to show you
let's now fold it down for a kid height
how you roll it so you do is just lift
this up and then put it forward and then
locks there you go
very compact you can take it on the bus
on the train without any questions
travel around the world whatever you
want to do um there's no height
difference between the blue and the red
and when I means I'm talking back on the
base board for the foot there you go
I'm a nine and a half and you can see
that there's a little bit of space in
the back when you put my toe and to
break now I do prefer went on like this
so that I can step my other foot in the
back and break this is a little bit more
like snowboarding you're snowboarding so
when you're pushing off my foot is
actually like this I know if you see
there you go so when I'm pushing off
it's kind of like that it's kind of like
a snowboarding stance but at least I can
get both of my foot on there when I'm
cruising so let's do it ride method
anyways there you have it
razor a5 lux great little kick scooter
and now you know the differences between
the red and the blue as well so a small
upgrade was to get the bones red
bearings come back to the original at
epic a back fives so you can see the
differences the red bearings are always
in red and the originals the King with
the razor 5 razor a 5 lux
all right the bearings that came with
the razor a 5 lux are these the a BEC 5s
and the ones that are updated or the
bones red it's shown here your skate
bearings same size you see I just want
to show you the disgusting rolling
resistance look at this so the front
reel has the bounce and the back wheel
has the original so if you take a look
at the rolling resistance let's take a
look so go like that and I'll do the
same thing
I'll even spend an extra fast but look
how much smoother the bones in the rear
wheels already stopped the front wheels
still going in fact I'm going to keep
pushing the there we go
come on back wheel keep it going nope
and as you can see the front wheel still
going that's how much of a big
difference these bearings make so you
definitely go a lot farther on one push
and
and do that a couple times and still the
front wheel out spins back wheel by a
lot so there you go updated bearings on
the razor 85 luxe
you